Fixes orientation resampling logic in reset_root_state_uniform event (#486)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: source/extensions/omni.isaac.lab/docs/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

0.17.12 (2024-06-11)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fixed
^^^^^

* Fixed the orientation reset logic in :func:`omni.isaac.lab.envs.mdp.events.reset_root_state_uniform` to make it relative to the default orientation.

> Earlier, the position was sampled relative to the default and the orientation not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Earlier, the position was sampled relative to the default and the orientation not. 
```

>   Earlier, the position was sampled relative to the default and the orientation not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Earlier, the position was sampled relative to the default and the orientation not.
```

Changelog
---------

0.17.12 (2024-06-11)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Fixed
^^^^^

> * Fixed :class:`omni.isaac.lab.envs.mdp.Event` reset_root_state_uniform has has logic setting position and orientation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the orientation reset logic in :func:`omni.isaac.lab.envs.mdp.events.reset_root_state_uniform`.
```

>   Earlier, the :attr:`omni.isaac.lab.envs.mdp.Event` position was set in relative mode and orientation is set in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Earlier, the position was sampled in relative mode while the orientation in absolute. 
```

>   absolute mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
